Hey how's it going Dave 2d here so CES
day 1 I got to check out a couple events
now before I get into that stuff I need
to talk about the image quality of what
you're looking at I'm shooting this on a
smartphone I actually went to see as
very light this year I brought two
smartphones pixel to excel and an iPhone
10 and the image quality is
significantly worse than I thought it
would be so a lot of event spaces are
dark I knew they'd be dark expected it
but I just thought the image quality on
these new smartphone cameras would just
be a little bit better and it's just
it's just bad I apologize in advance ok
first thing I went into was the Acer
event they have a couple of new devices
this year the one that stood out to me
was the Acer Swift 7 so this has been
updated but it's now a little bit
thinner a little bit just better across
the board and this is a really
well-built ultra-thin laptop it is
literally the thinnest laptop in the
world right now 8.9 8 millimeters and
it's a 14 inch screen but a really nice
keyboard so a lot of devices that are
this thin just have to compromise on the
keyboard just the typing experience
isn't very good this feels like a
regular ultrabook with nice key travel
backlit keys and everything the thing
that's a little bit weird about this
keyboard is the backspace key so if you
look up the top here that delete is
right beside the backspace so if you're
not used to the keyboard it might be a
little bit weird the trackpad does not
click so there's a tap mechanism but
there's no actual physical movement when
you tap there's literally no tactile
response when you tap it it's just like
tapping but it's a very good trackpad
when it's precision drivers the whole
laptop though is surprisingly expensive
this was $1,700 and it's I mean the
market for this thing has got to be
really nice but if you're looking for
someone that's really thin and you want
something that's literally the thinnest
laptop in the world right now
this is it there's also 4G LTE built
right into the laptop so we can use a
nano SIM or Isom and you can basically
have this thing connected to the
Internet all the time without needing to
tether it to your phone or anything like
that now the thing that might be a
deal-breaker for some people is that
this thing is using a seventh gen Intel
CPU and I thought a little bit weird
because 8th gen is already here but for
devices that are this small and this
portable I don't think there's gonna be
a big difference between 7th and 8th gen
performance now another thing that I saw
was the new Acer nitro 5 and what makes
this thing special and it's running an
AMD CPU the Verizon 5 and an upcoming
AMD GPU now the actual GPU is
undetermined but it's going to give
performance similar to the GTX 1050 or
the 1050 Ti so that kind of budget
gaming laptop range if you have other
things like the Chromebook they have
this blue Chromebook with USB C port
which is kind of cool if you're into
that stuff but that's basically the gist
of the Acer event so another thing I
went to was the Samsung event and they
had this huge TV that they call the wall
and what makes this one special
well it's 8k micro LED it looks
incredible a lot of like the OLED and Q
LED TVs just look really good but this
one's probably the nicest one I've ever
seen but the thing that really impressed
me about this thing was the AI so they
have this technology for other TVs not
just this one but a lot of their
higher-end TVs this year but they use it
as an algorithm to basically upscale
lower res footage into 8k so they can
take some crappy 480p footage look at
this database kind of figure out what
needs to be upscaled and how to upscale
each component with this algorithm and
then push it out in what seemingly is 8k
content which is crazy the last thing I
saw was another really big screen it's
the Nvidia BFG displays which is
probably a reference to doom but they
actually call it a big format gaming
display it's basically the 65 inch TV
shaped object which is it's essentially
a TV but the panel is amazing for gaming
it's actually not meant for TV like it's
not geared towards having the best image
quality for media consumption but it's
freaking amazing for gameplay so they
have this thing connected up to a PC and
they were demoing destiny too and it
just looked really really good like
you're looking at 4k 120 Hertz really
low response rate it's basically a giant
high-end gaming monitor with g-sync it
looks it looks so good so it's always
gonna gear to everyone it's more for
people that are building like some kind
of like man cave and they want just a
single display to do all of their gaming
on so console gaming PC gaming and
obviously it's got streaming
capabilities but it's got HDR support
and they have this really cool demo
where in destiny - there's NPC that's
welding but because of the high
brightness on this man I think it hits a
thousand nits the spark on the welders
tool was super bright it was actually
this blinding brightness that was
emitted because of how bright the screen
can get and it's all g-sync and able to
allow for some really smooth 120 Hertz
gameplay but it's gonna be expensive
they didn't release pricing it depending
on the partner you're gonna purchase it
from like Asus is making one Acer HP
omen is making one they're all going to
be
price I imagine but they certainly won't
be cheap I'm looking for screen like
that though like that's something I
really want for myself assuming it's not
too expensive but yeah okay so that's
basically CSD one again I apologize for
this amazingly high res and crispy
footage I'll see you guys in the next
video at CES
[Music]